Brother, we went to work at the Emperor Fund
I've already asked for leave for you.
Who asked you to ask for leave for us?
You can't go out today
Hahahaha, he's right.
You can't get out today
Hahahaha
What are you doing here?
Surprised
Is it incredible?
Stinky woman, don't forget that your kidneys are mine
I specially came to marry today
And my son, the third wife
You did that to him
I want you to pay with blood
Mrs. Chen, I asked you to confess in the hospital
short memory
I bah I confess my fart
I can't wait to eat your flesh and drink your blood
None of you want to leave today.
Why do you want to kill me again?
So what?
Since your Chen family wants to destroy me again, Ouyang wants to
Then don't blame me for letting your Chen family come and go
Hahahaha
The little beast now has the initiative in my hands
You are wrong, the initiative is in my hands